# oleaut32.dll exports for 'Ordinals to Names' Hopper Script
# Ordinal        Name
imp_ordinal_2    imp_SysAllocString
imp_ordinal_3    imp_SysReAllocString
imp_ordinal_4    imp_SysAllocStringLen
imp_ordinal_5    imp_SysReAllocStringLen
imp_ordinal_6    imp_SysFreeString
imp_ordinal_7    imp_SysStringLen
imp_ordinal_8    imp_VariantInit
imp_ordinal_9    imp_VariantClear
imp_ordinal_10   imp_VariantCopy
imp_ordinal_11   imp_VariantCopyInd
imp_ordinal_12   imp_VariantChangeType
imp_ordinal_13   imp_VariantTimeToDosDateTime
imp_ordinal_14   imp_DosDateTimeToVariantTime
imp_ordinal_15   imp_SafeArrayCreate
imp_ordinal_16   imp_SafeArrayDestroy
imp_ordinal_17   imp_SafeArrayGetDim
imp_ordinal_18   imp_SafeArrayGetElemsize
imp_ordinal_19   imp_SafeArrayGetUBound
imp_ordinal_20   imp_SafeArrayGetLBound
imp_ordinal_21   imp_SafeArrayLock
imp_ordinal_22   imp_SafeArrayUnlock
imp_ordinal_23   imp_SafeArrayAccessData
imp_ordinal_24   imp_SafeArrayUnaccessData
imp_ordinal_25   imp_SafeArrayGetElement
imp_ordinal_26   imp_SafeArrayPutElement
imp_ordinal_27   imp_SafeArrayCopy
imp_ordinal_28   imp_DispGetParam
imp_ordinal_29   imp_DispGetIDsOfNames
imp_ordinal_30   imp_DispInvoke
imp_ordinal_31   imp_CreateDispTypeInfo
imp_ordinal_32   imp_CreateStdDispatch
imp_ordinal_33   imp_RegisterActiveObject
imp_ordinal_34   imp_RevokeActiveObject
imp_ordinal_35   imp_GetActiveObject
imp_ordinal_36   imp_SafeArrayAllocDescriptor
imp_ordinal_37   imp_SafeArrayAllocData
imp_ordinal_38   imp_SafeArrayDestroyDescriptor
imp_ordinal_39   imp_SafeArrayDestroyData
imp_ordinal_40   imp_SafeArrayRedim
imp_ordinal_41   imp_SafeArrayAllocDescriptorEx
imp_ordinal_42   imp_SafeArrayCreateEx
imp_ordinal_43   imp_SafeArrayCreateVectorEx
imp_ordinal_44   imp_SafeArraySetRecordInfo
imp_ordinal_45   imp_SafeArrayGetRecordInfo
imp_ordinal_46   imp_VarParseNumFromStr
imp_ordinal_47   imp_VarNumFromParseNum
imp_ordinal_48   imp_VarI2FromUI1
imp_ordinal_49   imp_VarI2FromI4
imp_ordinal_50   imp_VarI2FromR4
imp_ordinal_51   imp_VarI2FromR8
imp_ordinal_52   imp_VarI2FromCy
imp_ordinal_53   imp_VarI2FromDate
imp_ordinal_54   imp_VarI2FromStr
imp_ordinal_55   imp_VarI2FromDisp
imp_ordinal_56   imp_VarI2FromBool
imp_ordinal_57   imp_SafeArraySetIID
imp_ordinal_58   imp_VarI4FromUI1
imp_ordinal_59   imp_VarI4FromI2
imp_ordinal_60   imp_VarI4FromR4
imp_ordinal_61   imp_VarI4FromR8
imp_ordinal_62   imp_VarI4FromCy
imp_ordinal_63   imp_VarI4FromDate
imp_ordinal_64   imp_VarI4FromStr
imp_ordinal_65   imp_VarI4FromDisp
imp_ordinal_66   imp_VarI4FromBool
imp_ordinal_67   imp_SafeArrayGetIID
imp_ordinal_68   imp_VarR4FromUI1
imp_ordinal_69   imp_VarR4FromI2
imp_ordinal_70   imp_VarR4FromI4
imp_ordinal_71   imp_VarR4FromR8
imp_ordinal_72   imp_VarR4FromCy
imp_ordinal_73   imp_VarR4FromDate
imp_ordinal_74   imp_VarR4FromStr
imp_ordinal_75   imp_VarR4FromDisp
imp_ordinal_76   imp_VarR4FromBool
imp_ordinal_77   imp_SafeArrayGetVartype
imp_ordinal_78   imp_VarR8FromUI1
imp_ordinal_79   imp_VarR8FromI2
imp_ordinal_80   imp_VarR8FromI4
imp_ordinal_81   imp_VarR8FromR4
imp_ordinal_82   imp_VarR8FromCy
imp_ordinal_83   imp_VarR8FromDate
imp_ordinal_84   imp_VarR8FromStr
imp_ordinal_85   imp_VarR8FromDisp
imp_ordinal_86   imp_VarR8FromBool
imp_ordinal_87   imp_VarFormat
imp_ordinal_88   imp_VarDateFromUI1
imp_ordinal_89   imp_VarDateFromI2
imp_ordinal_90   imp_VarDateFromI4
imp_ordinal_91   imp_VarDateFromR4
imp_ordinal_92   imp_VarDateFromR8
imp_ordinal_93   imp_VarDateFromCy
imp_ordinal_94   imp_VarDateFromStr
imp_ordinal_95   imp_VarDateFromDisp
imp_ordinal_96   imp_VarDateFromBool
imp_ordinal_97   imp_VarFormatDateTime
imp_ordinal_98   imp_VarCyFromUI1
imp_ordinal_99   imp_VarCyFromI2
imp_ordinal_100  imp_VarCyFromI4
imp_ordinal_101  imp_VarCyFromR4
imp_ordinal_102  imp_VarCyFromR8
imp_ordinal_103  imp_VarCyFromDate
imp_ordinal_104  imp_VarCyFromStr
imp_ordinal_105  imp_VarCyFromDisp
imp_ordinal_106  imp_VarCyFromBool
imp_ordinal_107  imp_VarFormatNumber
imp_ordinal_108  imp_VarBstrFromUI1
imp_ordinal_109  imp_VarBstrFromI2
imp_ordinal_110  imp_VarBstrFromI4
imp_ordinal_111  imp_VarBstrFromR4
imp_ordinal_112  imp_VarBstrFromR8
imp_ordinal_113  imp_VarBstrFromCy
imp_ordinal_114  imp_VarBstrFromDate
imp_ordinal_115  imp_VarBstrFromDisp
imp_ordinal_116  imp_VarBstrFromBool
imp_ordinal_117  imp_VarFormatPercent
imp_ordinal_118  imp_VarBoolFromUI1
imp_ordinal_119  imp_VarBoolFromI2
imp_ordinal_120  imp_VarBoolFromI4
imp_ordinal_121  imp_VarBoolFromR4
imp_ordinal_122  imp_VarBoolFromR8
imp_ordinal_123  imp_VarBoolFromDate
imp_ordinal_124  imp_VarBoolFromCy
imp_ordinal_125  imp_VarBoolFromStr
imp_ordinal_126  imp_VarBoolFromDisp
imp_ordinal_127  imp_VarFormatCurrency
imp_ordinal_128  imp_VarWeekdayName
imp_ordinal_129  imp_VarMonthName
imp_ordinal_130  imp_VarUI1FromI2
imp_ordinal_131  imp_VarUI1FromI4
imp_ordinal_132  imp_VarUI1FromR4
imp_ordinal_133  imp_VarUI1FromR8
imp_ordinal_134  imp_VarUI1FromCy
imp_ordinal_135  imp_VarUI1FromDate
imp_ordinal_136  imp_VarUI1FromStr
imp_ordinal_137  imp_VarUI1FromDisp
imp_ordinal_138  imp_VarUI1FromBool
imp_ordinal_139  imp_VarFormatFromTokens
imp_ordinal_140  imp_VarTokenizeFormatString
imp_ordinal_141  imp_VarAdd
imp_ordinal_142  imp_VarAnd
imp_ordinal_143  imp_VarDiv
imp_ordinal_144  imp_BSTR_UserFree64
imp_ordinal_145  imp_BSTR_UserMarshal64
imp_ordinal_146  imp_DispCallFunc
imp_ordinal_147  imp_VariantChangeTypeEx
imp_ordinal_148  imp_SafeArrayPtrOfIndex
imp_ordinal_149  imp_SysStringByteLen
imp_ordinal_150  imp_SysAllocStringByteLen
imp_ordinal_151  imp_BSTR_UserSize64
imp_ordinal_152  imp_VarEqv
imp_ordinal_153  imp_VarIdiv
imp_ordinal_154  imp_VarImp
imp_ordinal_155  imp_VarMod
imp_ordinal_156  imp_VarMul
imp_ordinal_157  imp_VarOr
imp_ordinal_158  imp_VarPow
imp_ordinal_159  imp_VarSub
imp_ordinal_160  imp_CreateTypeLib
imp_ordinal_161  imp_LoadTypeLib
imp_ordinal_162  imp_LoadRegTypeLib
imp_ordinal_163  imp_RegisterTypeLib
imp_ordinal_164  imp_QueryPathOfRegTypeLib
imp_ordinal_165  imp_LHashValOfNameSys
imp_ordinal_166  imp_LHashValOfNameSysA
imp_ordinal_167  imp_VarXor
imp_ordinal_168  imp_VarAbs
imp_ordinal_169  imp_VarFix
imp_ordinal_170  imp_OaBuildVersion
imp_ordinal_171  imp_ClearCustData
imp_ordinal_172  imp_VarInt
imp_ordinal_173  imp_VarNeg
imp_ordinal_174  imp_VarNot
imp_ordinal_175  imp_VarRound
imp_ordinal_176  imp_VarCmp
imp_ordinal_177  imp_VarDecAdd
imp_ordinal_178  imp_VarDecDiv
imp_ordinal_179  imp_VarDecMul
imp_ordinal_180  imp_CreateTypeLib2
imp_ordinal_181  imp_VarDecSub
imp_ordinal_182  imp_VarDecAbs
imp_ordinal_183  imp_LoadTypeLibEx
imp_ordinal_184  imp_SystemTimeToVariantTime
imp_ordinal_185  imp_VariantTimeToSystemTime
imp_ordinal_186  imp_UnRegisterTypeLib
imp_ordinal_187  imp_VarDecFix
imp_ordinal_188  imp_VarDecInt
imp_ordinal_189  imp_VarDecNeg
imp_ordinal_190  imp_VarDecFromUI1
imp_ordinal_191  imp_VarDecFromI2
imp_ordinal_192  imp_VarDecFromI4
imp_ordinal_193  imp_VarDecFromR4
imp_ordinal_194  imp_VarDecFromR8
imp_ordinal_195  imp_VarDecFromDate
imp_ordinal_196  imp_VarDecFromCy
imp_ordinal_197  imp_VarDecFromStr
imp_ordinal_198  imp_VarDecFromDisp
imp_ordinal_199  imp_VarDecFromBool
imp_ordinal_200  imp_GetErrorInfo
imp_ordinal_201  imp_SetErrorInfo
imp_ordinal_202  imp_CreateErrorInfo
imp_ordinal_203  imp_VarDecRound
imp_ordinal_204  imp_VarDecCmp
imp_ordinal_205  imp_VarI2FromI1
imp_ordinal_206  imp_VarI2FromUI2
imp_ordinal_207  imp_VarI2FromUI4
imp_ordinal_208  imp_VarI2FromDec
imp_ordinal_209  imp_VarI4FromI1
imp_ordinal_210  imp_VarI4FromUI2
imp_ordinal_211  imp_VarI4FromUI4
imp_ordinal_212  imp_VarI4FromDec
imp_ordinal_213  imp_VarR4FromI1
imp_ordinal_214  imp_VarR4FromUI2
imp_ordinal_215  imp_VarR4FromUI4
imp_ordinal_216  imp_VarR4FromDec
imp_ordinal_217  imp_VarR8FromI1
imp_ordinal_218  imp_VarR8FromUI2
imp_ordinal_219  imp_VarR8FromUI4
imp_ordinal_220  imp_VarR8FromDec
imp_ordinal_221  imp_VarDateFromI1
imp_ordinal_222  imp_VarDateFromUI2
imp_ordinal_223  imp_VarDateFromUI4
imp_ordinal_224  imp_VarDateFromDec
imp_ordinal_225  imp_VarCyFromI1
imp_ordinal_226  imp_VarCyFromUI2
imp_ordinal_227  imp_VarCyFromUI4
imp_ordinal_228  imp_VarCyFromDec
imp_ordinal_229  imp_VarBstrFromI1
imp_ordinal_230  imp_VarBstrFromUI2
imp_ordinal_231  imp_VarBstrFromUI4
imp_ordinal_232  imp_VarBstrFromDec
imp_ordinal_233  imp_VarBoolFromI1
imp_ordinal_234  imp_VarBoolFromUI2
imp_ordinal_235  imp_VarBoolFromUI4
imp_ordinal_236  imp_VarBoolFromDec
imp_ordinal_237  imp_VarUI1FromI1
imp_ordinal_238  imp_VarUI1FromUI2
imp_ordinal_239  imp_VarUI1FromUI4
imp_ordinal_240  imp_VarUI1FromDec
imp_ordinal_241  imp_VarDecFromI1
imp_ordinal_242  imp_VarDecFromUI2
imp_ordinal_243  imp_VarDecFromUI4
imp_ordinal_244  imp_VarI1FromUI1
imp_ordinal_245  imp_VarI1FromI2
imp_ordinal_246  imp_VarI1FromI4
imp_ordinal_247  imp_VarI1FromR4
imp_ordinal_248  imp_VarI1FromR8
imp_ordinal_249  imp_VarI1FromDate
imp_ordinal_250  imp_VarI1FromCy
imp_ordinal_251  imp_VarI1FromStr
imp_ordinal_252  imp_VarI1FromDisp
imp_ordinal_253  imp_VarI1FromBool
imp_ordinal_254  imp_VarI1FromUI2
imp_ordinal_255  imp_VarI1FromUI4
imp_ordinal_256  imp_VarI1FromDec
imp_ordinal_257  imp_VarUI2FromUI1
imp_ordinal_258  imp_VarUI2FromI2
imp_ordinal_259  imp_VarUI2FromI4
imp_ordinal_260  imp_VarUI2FromR4
imp_ordinal_261  imp_VarUI2FromR8
imp_ordinal_262  imp_VarUI2FromDate
imp_ordinal_263  imp_VarUI2FromCy
imp_ordinal_264  imp_VarUI2FromStr
imp_ordinal_265  imp_VarUI2FromDisp
imp_ordinal_266  imp_VarUI2FromBool
imp_ordinal_267  imp_VarUI2FromI1
imp_ordinal_268  imp_VarUI2FromUI4
imp_ordinal_269  imp_VarUI2FromDec
imp_ordinal_270  imp_VarUI4FromUI1
imp_ordinal_271  imp_VarUI4FromI2
imp_ordinal_272  imp_VarUI4FromI4
imp_ordinal_273  imp_VarUI4FromR4
imp_ordinal_274  imp_VarUI4FromR8
imp_ordinal_275  imp_VarUI4FromDate
imp_ordinal_276  imp_VarUI4FromCy
imp_ordinal_277  imp_VarUI4FromStr
imp_ordinal_278  imp_VarUI4FromDisp
imp_ordinal_279  imp_VarUI4FromBool
imp_ordinal_280  imp_VarUI4FromI1
imp_ordinal_281  imp_VarUI4FromUI2
imp_ordinal_282  imp_VarUI4FromDec
imp_ordinal_283  imp_BSTR_UserSize
imp_ordinal_284  imp_BSTR_UserMarshal
imp_ordinal_285  imp_BSTR_UserUnmarshal
imp_ordinal_286  imp_BSTR_UserFree
imp_ordinal_287  imp_VARIANT_UserSize
imp_ordinal_288  imp_VARIANT_UserMarshal
imp_ordinal_289  imp_VARIANT_UserUnmarshal
imp_ordinal_290  imp_VARIANT_UserFree
imp_ordinal_291  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_UserSize
imp_ordinal_292  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_UserMarshal
imp_ordinal_293  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_UserUnmarshal
imp_ordinal_294  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_UserFree
imp_ordinal_295  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_Size
imp_ordinal_296  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_Marshal
imp_ordinal_297  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_Unmarshal
imp_ordinal_298  imp_VarDecCmpR8
imp_ordinal_299  imp_VarCyAdd
imp_ordinal_300  imp_BSTR_UserUnmarshal64
imp_ordinal_301  imp_DllCanUnloadNow
imp_ordinal_302  imp_DllGetClassObject
imp_ordinal_303  imp_VarCyMul
imp_ordinal_304  imp_VarCyMulI4
imp_ordinal_305  imp_VarCySub
imp_ordinal_306  imp_VarCyAbs
imp_ordinal_307  imp_VarCyFix
imp_ordinal_308  imp_VarCyInt
imp_ordinal_309  imp_VarCyNeg
imp_ordinal_310  imp_VarCyRound
imp_ordinal_311  imp_VarCyCmp
imp_ordinal_312  imp_VarCyCmpR8
imp_ordinal_313  imp_VarBstrCat
imp_ordinal_314  imp_VarBstrCmp
imp_ordinal_315  imp_VarR8Pow
imp_ordinal_316  imp_VarR4CmpR8
imp_ordinal_317  imp_VarR8Round
imp_ordinal_318  imp_VarCat
imp_ordinal_319  imp_VarDateFromUdateEx
imp_ordinal_320  imp_DllRegisterServer
imp_ordinal_321  imp_DllUnregisterServer
imp_ordinal_322  imp_GetRecordInfoFromGuids
imp_ordinal_323  imp_GetRecordInfoFromTypeInfo
imp_ordinal_324  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_UserFree64
imp_ordinal_325  imp_SetVarConversionLocaleSetting
imp_ordinal_326  imp_GetVarConversionLocaleSetting
imp_ordinal_327  imp_SetOaNoCache
imp_ordinal_328  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_UserMarshal64
imp_ordinal_329  imp_VarCyMulI8
imp_ordinal_330  imp_VarDateFromUdate
imp_ordinal_331  imp_VarUdateFromDate
imp_ordinal_332  imp_GetAltMonthNames
imp_ordinal_333  imp_VarI8FromUI1
imp_ordinal_334  imp_VarI8FromI2
imp_ordinal_335  imp_VarI8FromR4
imp_ordinal_336  imp_VarI8FromR8
imp_ordinal_337  imp_VarI8FromCy
imp_ordinal_338  imp_VarI8FromDate
imp_ordinal_339  imp_VarI8FromStr
imp_ordinal_340  imp_VarI8FromDisp
imp_ordinal_341  imp_VarI8FromBool
imp_ordinal_342  imp_VarI8FromI1
imp_ordinal_343  imp_VarI8FromUI2
imp_ordinal_344  imp_VarI8FromUI4
imp_ordinal_345  imp_VarI8FromDec
imp_ordinal_346  imp_VarI2FromI8
imp_ordinal_347  imp_VarI2FromUI8
imp_ordinal_348  imp_VarI4FromI8
imp_ordinal_349  imp_VarI4FromUI8
imp_ordinal_350  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_UserSize64
imp_ordinal_351  imp_LPSAFEARRAY_UserUnmarshal64
imp_ordinal_352  imp_OACreateTypeLib2
imp_ordinal_353  imp_VARIANT_UserFree64
imp_ordinal_354  imp_VARIANT_UserMarshal64
imp_ordinal_355  imp_VARIANT_UserSize64
imp_ordinal_356  imp_VARIANT_UserUnmarshal64
imp_ordinal_360  imp_VarR4FromI8
imp_ordinal_361  imp_VarR4FromUI8
imp_ordinal_362  imp_VarR8FromI8
imp_ordinal_363  imp_VarR8FromUI8
imp_ordinal_364  imp_VarDateFromI8
imp_ordinal_365  imp_VarDateFromUI8
imp_ordinal_366  imp_VarCyFromI8
imp_ordinal_367  imp_VarCyFromUI8
imp_ordinal_368  imp_VarBstrFromI8
imp_ordinal_369  imp_VarBstrFromUI8
imp_ordinal_370  imp_VarBoolFromI8
imp_ordinal_371  imp_VarBoolFromUI8
imp_ordinal_372  imp_VarUI1FromI8
imp_ordinal_373  imp_VarUI1FromUI8
imp_ordinal_374  imp_VarDecFromI8
imp_ordinal_375  imp_VarDecFromUI8
imp_ordinal_376  imp_VarI1FromI8
imp_ordinal_377  imp_VarI1FromUI8
imp_ordinal_378  imp_VarUI2FromI8
imp_ordinal_379  imp_VarUI2FromUI8
imp_ordinal_401  imp_OleLoadPictureEx
imp_ordinal_402  imp_OleLoadPictureFileEx
imp_ordinal_411  imp_SafeArrayCreateVector
imp_ordinal_412  imp_SafeArrayCopyData
imp_ordinal_413  imp_VectorFromBstr
imp_ordinal_414  imp_BstrFromVector
imp_ordinal_415  imp_OleIconToCursor
imp_ordinal_416  imp_OleCreatePropertyFrameIndirect
imp_ordinal_417  imp_OleCreatePropertyFrame
imp_ordinal_418  imp_OleLoadPicture
imp_ordinal_419  imp_OleCreatePictureIndirect
imp_ordinal_420  imp_OleCreateFontIndirect
imp_ordinal_421  imp_OleTranslateColor
imp_ordinal_422  imp_OleLoadPictureFile
imp_ordinal_423  imp_OleSavePictureFile
imp_ordinal_424  imp_OleLoadPicturePath
imp_ordinal_425  imp_VarUI4FromI8
imp_ordinal_426  imp_VarUI4FromUI8
imp_ordinal_427  imp_VarI8FromUI8
imp_ordinal_428  imp_VarUI8FromI8
imp_ordinal_429  imp_VarUI8FromUI1
imp_ordinal_430  imp_VarUI8FromI2
imp_ordinal_431  imp_VarUI8FromR4
imp_ordinal_432  imp_VarUI8FromR8
imp_ordinal_433  imp_VarUI8FromCy
imp_ordinal_434  imp_VarUI8FromDate
imp_ordinal_435  imp_VarUI8FromStr
imp_ordinal_436  imp_VarUI8FromDisp
imp_ordinal_437  imp_VarUI8FromBool
imp_ordinal_438  imp_VarUI8FromI1
imp_ordinal_439  imp_VarUI8FromUI2
imp_ordinal_440  imp_VarUI8FromUI4
imp_ordinal_441  imp_VarUI8FromDec
imp_ordinal_442  imp_RegisterTypeLibForUser
imp_ordinal_443  imp_UnRegisterTypeLibForUser
imp_ordinal_444  imp_OaEnablePerUserTLibRegistration
imp_ordinal_500  imp_OACleanup
